Intro:
&emsp; The sun slowly rises in the sky, even with its comforting light, you begin to feel the cold seep into your bones despite your heavy coat and gloves by the time you reach the bus halt in front of Osborn’s Drug Store. It’s a relief to put down your heavy cases and take off your hat for a moment. You fan your face. It has been a long summer here, in your hometown, and yet a curiously empty one. <br>&emsp; You look across the street at the grubby butcher’s shop, the grocers with its faded awning, and the shabby tobacconist. Mistrustful faces glare at you as they pass, eyeing your clothes and luggage. It was your parents’ choice to live here, not yours. You were happy down south as a child, among Providence’s white-walled houses and leafy churchyards. Perhaps this new job in Arkham will supply the change you need. <br>&emsp; Yet everybody you know in the world lives here. You know nobody in Arkham, not one soul. You ask yourself one last time if you are doing the right thing. <br>&emsp; The answer is here. None of your supposed friends have come to see you off. You are alone. Whatever challenges lie in Arkham, it will be a new life, and a brave one. <br>&emsp; A small gray motor coach approaches and rattles to a stop. You put your hat back on and pick up your cases. The driver, a large man with many scars possible from the great war, opens the door and ushers you to your seat, introducing himself “names James, where too” ? You stow your cases above your set “Ossipee”. <br>&emsp; “Well that is about a day's drive, we'll have to be stopin’ in Greenview for the night.” I must have shown my worry, because James assures you we would be able to keep to your time table, “Just a quick stop over for a good meal and a warm bed. “Good news is there’s no more stops before we make it to Greenview.” <br>&emsp; You settle in and as leafless trees begin to pass by you fall into a restless sleep.

I1:
&emsp; You were startled awake by a sudden violent turn. You see James struggling with the wheel, ice, it had to be ice, your cases were being tased from the luggage rack. You reach out quickly in an attempt to save the last case from being thrown to the floor and its contents from being ruined.

I2:
&emsp; You were startled awake by a sudden violent turn. You see James struggling with the wheel, ice, it had to be ice, your cases were being tased from the luggage rack. you hold onto the seat in front of you and allow your cases to strike the floor of the motor coach, I hear the sound of breaking glass from my luggage.

Prompt A:
&emsp; The motor car lurched to a halt as the right side slowly became lower the floor gaining a sloop to the right. The sudden stop of the motor car as you were reaching for your suitcase caused you to roll your ankle.  <br>&emsp; James was shaking slightly, from the stress of maintaining control of the vehicle, before he remembered he had a passenger “You ok?” You explain that you think you rolled your ankle trying to save some of your luggage. James mutters something under his breath before he hands you a first aid kit and tells you to prop up your foot while he looks over the motor car for damage. <br>&emsp; “Well I got some good news and some bad news. The good news is I was medic in the war and I have your ankle able to carry your weight in no time. The bad news is that the motor car ain’t going anywhere and it's a two mile walk to Greenview.” <br>&emsp;James bandaged your ankle and made it to where you could walk in a relative lack of pain. He also gave you cane from the lost and found to help with the trek. As he maneuvers the motor car to the side of the you already feel the cold stealing the warmth away from you, the suitcase heavy in your hand. <br>&emsp; James reappears from the door, ”We should have enough light to be able to make it to Greenview, even with that bad ankle”, he holds out his flask, “here take a swig, it's going to be a long walk and it's cold as hell.” <br>&emsp; The next hour was nothing but a slow trudge ahead with a silent companion only occasionally taking sips from his flask and muttering when you have to take breaks. Mercifully the cold has numbed your ankle and is keeping the worst of the pain at bay. <br>&emsp; Finally you arrive at a small village with only a few small businesses around the town square and several houses creating small pathways with their proximity to the town walls. The town appears to be preparing for a festival with three large spruce trees being set up in the town square. “I forgot it was festival time, well at least there will be a bit of fun to be had, but I’m not going to be able to get anyone to help get the motor car running until tomorrow, Lucy normal has a room to rent for a small fee her house is one street down,” he pointed to the east, “ and about half a block north, it the only two story, you can miss it, in the meantime i’m going to find a place for myself, I'll meet you in the town square tomorrow.” James was to one of the busier buildings in the town square, with a garish sign reading “Sargent’s Place.”

A1:
&emsp; Feeling adventurous, you decide to explore the festival preparations in the town square before seeking out Lucy's house. You can feel your ankle begin to throb and the can even feel small hints of a larger pain, but your curiosity has got ahold of you and you need to learn what this festival is about.

A2:
&emsp; You make your way to Lucy's house to find a place to rest for the night. By the time you arrive your ankle is beginning to throb even through the numbness. As you make it up the final stairs to the door you are greeted by the door suddenly opening and a small figure runs into you.

Prompt B:
&emsp; The motor car lurched to a halt as the right side slowly became lower, the floor gaining a slope to the right. The sudden stop of the motor car caused your cases to strike the floor, and the sound of breaking glass echoed from your luggage.James, visibly shaken from the stress of maintaining control of the vehicle, turned to you. “You okay?” he asked. You nodded, though you were concerned about the potential damage to your belongings. <br>&emsp; James muttered something under his breath before handing you a first aid kit, instructing you to check for injuries while he inspected the motor car for damage. You check your suitcase and find only one of your family photos broken, a minor inconvenience. <br>&emsp; Well, I've got some good news and some bad news. The good news is I was a medic in the war, and I can fix you up if needed. The bad news is that the motor car ain’t going anywhere, and it's a two-mile walk to Greenview.” James made a quick assessment of your condition and, satisfied that you weren't seriously injured, handed you a cane from the lost and found. <br>&emsp; As he maneuvered the motor car to the side, you already felt the cold stealing the warmth away, the suitcase heavy in your hand. James reappeared from the door. “We should have enough light to make it to Greenview. It's going to be a long walk, and it's cold as hell.” He held out his flask for you to take a swig. <br>&emsp; The next hour was nothing but a slow trudge ahead, with a silent companion occasionally taking sips from his flask. Mercifully, the cold numbs your senses, making the walk bearable. <br>&emsp; Finally, you arrived at a small village with only a few small businesses around the town square and several houses creating small pathways with their proximity to the town walls. The town appeared to be preparing for a festival, with three large spruce trees being set up in the town square. <br>&emsp;  “I forgot it was festival time. Well, at least there will be a bit of fun to be had. But I’m not going to be able to get anyone to help get the motor car running until tomorrow. Lucy normally has a room to rent for a small fee. Her house is one street down,” James pointed to the east, “and about half a block north. It's the only two-story; you can't miss it. In the meantime, I’m going to find a place for myself. I'll meet you in the town square tomorrow.” James headed to one of the busier buildings in the town square, with a garish sign reading “Sargent’s Place.”

B1:
&emsp; You decide to explore the festival preparations in the town square before seeking out Lucy's house. Your curiosity prevails, drawing you into the lively atmosphere of the festival. The colorful decorations and festive music provide a distraction from the discomfort of the cold, and you can't help but be intrigued by the upcoming celebration.

B2:
&emsp; You make your way to Lucy's house eager to find a place to rest for the night. As you arrive you reminisce over events of the day. Climbing the stairs to Lucy's door, you're surprised as it suddenly swings open, revealing a small figure that runs into you.

PromptC:
&emsp; As you walk into the square, you are overwhelmed with the spruce scent of the three towering trees that are before you. They are equal in size to the tallest building in the square and must have come from deep within the surrounding forest. You notice older men and women, as well as children decorating the tree with what appear to be handmade ornaments, most are snowflakes while some are simple wooden tags that seem to hurt your eye if you stare at the symbols carved on their surfaces. You also notice baskets of vegetables and dried meat in the center of the triangle the trees form. <br>&emsp; You approach the center of the trees wanting to have a closer look at the baskets. You have read of some old rural towns in Europe that have a similar tradition of giving the contents of the baskets to townspeople in need in order to help survive the harsh winters. As you begin to have a closer look a sudden pain in your ankle causes you to collapse to one knee. <br>&emsp; “Are you alright young man,” you look over to see an old man standing next to you, “you're not from around here, I suppose you had to walk in with James from where he said his motor coach broke down.” The old man offers his hand as you regain your feet “ names George, George Earlson, please to meet you. Heard you hurt your ankle surprised you not over at Lucy’s getting off your feet.” You explain that you were overcome with a desire to learn about the local festival, you share what you have learned about similar festivals in Europe. “It is old we have been having this festival the community founded, I’ll walk with you over to Lucy’s, the festival does come from the old country, but my family and others brought their own traditions.” You ask what other traditions “Mostly different songs and dances but if you feel up to it you’ll be able to see for yourself.”  <br>&emsp; George helps you up the stairs, as the door opens you see a younger woman open the door she seems a little startled to see you both. “George how are you today” she says with a little ice in her voice, she then turns to you and introduces herself and shakes your hand. “This young man could use a bed, a meal, and a bath. It could wait but with his ankle how it is it would be better if he could sit down and rest.” You see a tiny form behind Lucy, Lucy looks down and smiles, “This is Sarah”. You smile at the little girl and introduce yourself. Lucy motions for you to come in, and asks George to take Sarah to help decorate the tree, “Have fun i’ll be there soon” Lucy tells Sarah. She leads you into a small dining room making small talk and explaining rates for a nights board. <br>&emsp; Lucy brings a bowl of stew and a some bread, “Sorry it isn’t more, wasn’t planning on any guest  with cold setting in like it has”

C1: 
&emsp; You eat the stew, the flavors are delicious, and you notice that you are getting very sleepy. Lucy notices your head dipping. “Let me help you to your room, hopefully a nice long rest will make you feel better."" The last thing you remember before falling asleep is a nook downstairs.

C2:
&emsp; While the food before you looks good you thank her for the trouble an asker to show you to your room “Have a nightcap with me before you go to bed at least,” you agree and have a cup of very sweet alcohol. While it was sweet it must be very strong as all the strength leaves your body and the last thing you remember is the table rising up to meet your face.

PromptD:
&emsp; You are knocked to the ground and immediately fall unconscious when your head hits the wood porch. <br>&emsp; You wake up to the sounds of humming and the scratch of a pencil on paper. You have been laid down on a couch, and despite the massive headache you set up. You see a little girl completely enthralled with her drawing of what appears to be the trees being set up for the festival. “ Hi, I’m Sarah” she says looking up from the drawing, before yelling “MOM HE’S AWAKE”. The pain in your head momental makes you forget the pain in your ankle. Sarah noticed you whence, “sorry,” you smile at her and tell her it's ok despite the throbbing in your head.<br>&emsp; Sarah excitedly comes and sits next to you and shows you her drawing. It is indeed the trees you glimpsed on in the town square but as you look, you see that what you thought were unfinished outlines are actually flames that are consuming the trees and there is a figure in the center of the blaze. You think it is weird subject matter for a little girl of her age but you dismiss it as an active imagination. You notice what at first looks like scribbles but as you focus you notice that it is a symbol that you recognize but you don't know from where, as you look upon it the hairs on the back of your neck rise and uneasiness fills your thoughts.<br>&emsp; Sarah notices your uneasiness and signals you to come in so she could whisper to you, “you should run.”<br>&emsp; Just then a young woman enters the room bearing a tray of stew and bread and a loaf of bread. “Sarah, I told you to let our guest rest”. “Sorry mom” as she leaves the living room heading for what you assume to be her room.<br>&emsp; “Sorry about her, she's a bit of a handful, please eat. I feel so bad for her causing your fall.”

D1:
&emsp; You eat the stew, the flavors are delicious, and you notice that you are getting very sleepy. Lucy notices your head dipping “Let me help you to your room, hopefully a nice long rest will make you feel better. The last thing you remember before falling asleep is a nook downstairs.

D2:
&emsp; The sense of dread compels you to find a way of escape, you thank Lucy but ask to use the bathroom before you eat. Lucy shows you where the restroom is, and after entering you lock the down and escape to the pathways behind the houses and despite your pain find a way out of this town.

PromptE:
&emsp; As you walk into the square, you are overwhelmed with the spruce scent of the three towering trees that are before you. They are equal in size to the tallest building in the square and must have come from deep within the surrounding forest. You notice older men and women, as well as children decorating the tree with what appear to be handmade ornaments, most are snowflakes while some are simple wooden tags that seem to hurt your eye if you stare at the symbols carved on their surfaces. You also notice baskets of vegetables and dried meat in the center of the triangle the trees form.  You begin to inspect the baskets and notice that there are all sorts of food, vegetables, meats, cheese, and jars of honey. You also notice the stones are discolored as if there have been many fires in the same spot. The final thing of interest is a metal ring that has been set into stone. As You gaze upon it you see small eldritch symbols etched into the iron. As your hand moves around the circle you feel a ring latch, as you begin to lift it you feel a hand on your shoulder. <br>&emsp; You whirl to see a little old lady, “You must be the young man that came in with James.” The lady laughs a little as she notices she startled you, “I’m sorry I didn’t mean to scare ya. James saw from Sargent’s an ask me to show you to miss Lucy’s.” <br>&emsp; You were very surprised but introduce yourself. “Nice to meet you, You can call me Gran, everyone does.” Gran moves in the direction of Lucy’s but with one backwards look you notice a few young men looking at you and standing either side of the gate in and out of town. Gran looks back and sees what you are looking at, “they're going to be watching the roads tonight to make sure no cars come thru the town until after the festival.” You ask why they are looking at you, “they drew the short straws to be the night street guards, they're just jealous of anyone that gets to enjoy themselves tonight.” <br>&emsp; During the walk to Lucy’s Gran talks about all the gossip and how come spring the walking trails to the other towns in the area are just lovely, as you walk and Gran continues to talk your mind continues to go back to the strange symbols on the wooden tags and on the trees. “Here we are,” you assist Gran up the stairs, “such a nice young man.” <br>&emsp; A small form opened the door and rushed into Gran’s waiting arm. “Let me introduce you to Sarah,” a young woman enters the doorway, “and this is Lucy.” “This young man could use a room for the night.” Lucy smiles at Gran and says “Alright, but you have to get Sarah to the square so she can help with the tree decorating.” Gran and Sarah smile and begin walking to the town square as you enter the house. <br>&emsp; “Right this way” Lucy shows you where your room for the night is and explains the cost for your stay. Lucy begins to make small talk about the festival and asks if you will be attending and then offers you some dinner.

E1:
&emsp; You accept and eat the stew, the flavors are delicious, and you notice that you are getting very sleepy. Lucy notices your head dipping. “Let me help you to your room, hopefully the motor coach will be fixed in the morning.” The last thing you remember before falling asleep is a nook downstairs.

E2:
&emsp; You apologies and go to your room with the, there is a nagging sense that you are in danger, the small symbols that you seen in the town square have filled you with a sense of dread and as an extra layer of security you wedge a desk chair beneath the doorknob.

PromptF:
&emsp; To your surprise, a small figure rushes out and collides with you. Luckily, you manage to maintain your balance, avoiding a fall this time. Looking down, you see a little girl with wide eyes, seemingly shocked by the encounter. She quickly regains her composure and offers a sheepish smile. "Oops, sorry about that. I wasn't expecting anyone at the door." You assure her that it's okay, relieved that this collision didn't result in another mishap. Sarah invites you inside “sorry again I thought you were Gran.” As you enter she yells “MOM WE HAVE A GUEST,” then turns to you “want to see the picture i drew.”<br>&emsp; You hear only who you could only guess was Lucy, the girl's mother, call back “Please have a set in the living room I was about to put away supper would you care for a bowl of stew and some bread.” You call out that that would be lovely.<br>&emsp; You sit on the couch and the little girl brings over what must be her latest drawing, as she hands you the paper she says “It is what happened at last year's festival.” <br>&emsp; Her drawing is of the trees you glimpsed on in the town square but as you look, you see that what you thought were unfinished outlines are actually flames that are consuming the trees and there is a figure in the center of the blaze. You think it is weird subject matter for a little girl of her age but you dismiss it as an active imagination. You notice what at first looks like scribbles but as you focus you notice that it is a symbol that you recognize but you don't know from where, as you look upon it the hairs on the back of your neck rise and uneasiness fills your thoughts.<br>&emsp; With a lump in your throat you ask who the man in the middle of the flames is, Sarah looks over at you “I’m not supposed to say, but you seem nice so i think you should run.” Sarah then gives you a little smile, gets up, and heads to what you assume is her room.<br>&emsp; Lucy then brings in a bowl of stew and bread.As she offers you the find she goes over the cost of a night's stay.

F1:
&emsp; The sense of dread compels you to find a way of escape, you thank Lucy but ask to use the bathroom before you eat. Lucy shows you where the restroom is, and after entering you lock the down and escape to the pathways behind the houses and despite your pain find a way out of this town.

F2:&emsp; You apologies for the trouble but ask to be shown to your room, there is a nagging sense that you are in danger, the small symbols that you seen in the town square have filled you with a sense of dread and as an extra layer of security you wedge a desk chair beneath the doorknob. When you hear a knock at the front door you decide to try your luck and climb out your bedroom window. With a final drop to the pathway behind the houses. You began a cold trek.

I1: PromptA, I2: PromptB
A1: PromptC, A2: PromptD, B1: PromptE, B2: PromptF
C1, C2, D1, E1: Ending 1
D2, E2, F1, F2: Ending 2